Mathiass Vualt/TODO Technical.md, before:

Ground Movment
- [x] Basic Ground Movment
- [x] Fix so that ground movment is properly capped
- [x] Fix Countermovment so that is works when you look down

other
- [x] Physics ray collision
- [x] Make grapplingphysics more consistent
- [x] temp GH returning mode
	- [x] Though make the rotatian lerp
- [x] Though make the rotatian lerp
- [x] Simple GH animations

Scriptableobjects
- Make all variables use it?
- Make only the infocenter use it?

Sliding
- [x] temperairy sliding
- [ ] make sliding more refined
- [ ] Better animation
- [ ] Crouncing while in air

Wallrunning
- [x] Wallrunning
- [x] Make the player stick more to the wall
- [ ] Refine Wallrunning further
- [x] Must have a certian speed to wallrun
- [x] jumping off wals should be more in direction for momentum
- [x] do not slow upwards momuntum when entering wallrun
- [ ] do use inputvector or aristafe if wallrunning

Air Control
- [x] Make airstrafing easier to do
- [x] Make s stop more rapidly
	- [x] Make the button used be relative to the direction
- [x] Make more WASD control in air
- [x] Remake Airstrafe?
	- [x] Airstrafe key? instead of AD? ask people

Weapons
- [x] Small delay when rotating weapons
	- [x] Made is more pleasing
	- [x] Try with it rotating TOWARDS the rotation of the player not after it
	- [x] rotation is not smooth all the time, due to framerates i think
- [x] Make an alt version for the turning animation, utylizing position rather than rotation
- [x] Bug: Sometimes the grapplinghook decresses speed to a hold when uncoupling (beacouse collider to GH)
- [x] Readd shorten rope powerup (see how it feels (Game test?))
- [ ]

Commit message:

added floating platforms with particles, added menu

Mathiass Vualt/TODO Technical.md, after:

Ground Movment
- [x] Basic Ground Movment
- [x] Fix so that ground movment is properly capped
- [x] Fix Countermovment so that is works when you look down

other
- [ ] 

Grapplinghook
- [x] Physics ray collision
- [x] Make grapplingphysics more consistent
- [x] temp GH returning mode
- [x] Simple GH animations
- [ ] check if object if grappeable, if not => bounce random off
- [ ] make hook follow object that it is hooked to

Scriptableobjects
- Make all variables use it?
- Make only the infocenter use it?

Sliding
- [x] temperairy sliding
- [ ] make sliding more refined
- [ ] Better animation
- [x] Crouncing while in air
- [ ] toggle sliding
- [ ] use CTRL to slide

Settings Menu
- [ ] sensitivity
- [ ] settings window -> Seperate scene?
- [x] Esc stops the game
- [ ] crouch/sliding key
	- [ ] Toggle sliding
- [ ] 

Wallrunning
- [x] Wallrunning
- [x] Make the player stick more to the wall
- [x] Refine Wallrunning further
- [x] Must have a certian speed to wallrun
- [x] jumping off wals should be more in direction for momentum
- [x] do not slow upwards momuntum when entering wallrun
- [x] do use inputvector or aristafe if wallrunning
- [ ] Make if holding away from wall, falloff?
- [ ] can look compleatly 180 degrees while wallrunning

Air Control
- [x] Make airstrafing easier to do
- [x] Make s stop more rapidly
	- [x] Make the button used be relative to the direction
- [x] Make more WASD control in air
- [x] Remake Airstrafe?
	- [x] Airstrafe key? instead of AD? ask people

Weapons
- [x] Small delay when rotating weapons
	- [x] Made is more pleasing
	- [x] Try with it rotating TOWARDS the rotation of the player not after it
	- [x] rotation is not smooth all the time, due to framerates i think
- [x] Make an alt version for the turning animation, utylizing position rather than rotation
- [x] Bug: Sometimes the grapplinghook decresses speed to a hold when uncoupling (beacouse collider to GH)
- [x] Readd shorten rope powerup (see how it feels (Game test?))
- [ ]
